>> Woodruff: ISRAELI PRIME
MINISTER NETANYAHU WARNS THE
U.S. AGAINST ANY NUCLEAR WEAPONS
DEAL WITH IRAN.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL,
ALSO AHEAD THIS TUESDAY:
JOHN BOEHNER BACKS DOWN, AS THE
HOUSE VOTES TO END THE POLITICAL
SHDOWNOW AND FUND THE DEPARTMENT
OF HOMELAND SECURITY
>> Woodruff: PLUS:
>> THE FIRST FEW WEEKS I MADE
SOME OF MY BEST FRIENDS, BUT TWO
OF US WERE SEXUALLY ASSAULTED
BEFORE CLASSES HAD EVEN STARTED.
>> Woodruff: SEXUAL VIOLENCE ON
CAMPUS, A NEW DOCUMENTARY
FOLLOWS THE STORIES OF VICTIMS
AT UNIVERSITIES AND COLLEGES
ACROSS THE U.S.
>> LETS FACE IT.
IF THEY'RE HAPPENING AT THIS
RATE OVER DECADES AND DECADES,
UNIVERSITY OFFICIALS HAVE TO
NOTICE.
THE REASON THEY HAVEN'T TAKEN
ACTION IS BECAUSE THEY DON'T
WANT ANYTHING TO HARM THE
REPUTATION OF THEIR UNIVERSITY.
>> Woodruff: THOSE ARE SOME OF
THE STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S "PBS NEWSHOUR."
>> Ifill: FOR 39 MINUTES TODAY,
THE PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL
HELD FORTH BEFORE CONGRESS,
ATTACKING A POTENTIAL NUCLEAR
ACCORD WITH IRAN.
THE HIGHLY CONTROVERSIAL SPEECH
WAS BOYCOTTED BY SOME, PRAISED
BY OTHERS AND CHALLENGED BY THE
MAN AT THE OTHER END OF
PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
>> MR. SPEAKER, THE PRIME
MINISTER OF ISRAEL.
>> Ifill: THE PRIME MINISTER
ENTERED THE HOUSE CHAMBER TO THE
KIND OF ROUSING WELCOME USUALLY
RESERVED FOR PRESIDENTS ON
"STATE OF THE UNION" NIGHT.
FOR NETANYAHU, THE ADDRESS
PROVIDED A PRIME OPPORTUNITY TO
MOUNT A CASE  AGAINST THE
EMERGING OUTLINES OF A POSSIBLE
NUCLEAR DEAL WITH IRAN, THREE
WEEKS BEFORE THE DEADLINE FOR
AGREEMENT.
>> THAT DEAL WILL NOT PREVENT
IRAN FROM DEVELOPING NUCLEAR
WEAPONS.
IT WOULD ALL BUT GUARANTEE THAT
IRAN GETS THOSE WEAPONS, LOTS OF
THEM.
>> Ifill: IRAN TODAY REJECTED
PRESIDENT OBAMA'S DEMAND FOR A
TEN-YEAR FREEZE ON ITS CORE
NUCLEAR ACTIVITY.
BUT NETANYAHU ARGUED EVEN IF THE
ISLAMIC REPUBLIC HAD AGREED, ITS
PROMISE WOULD BE WORTHLESS.
>> THE U.N.'S NUCLEAR WATCHDOG
AGENCY, THE IAEA, SAID AGAIN
YESTERDAY THAT IRAN STILL
REFUSES TO COME CLEAN ABOUT ITS
MILITARY NUCLEAR PROGRAM.
>> Ifill: AS THE PRIME MINISTER
SPOKE IN WASHINGTON, SECRETARY
OF STATE JOHN KERRY WAS LEADING
THE LATEST ROUND OF TALKS IN
SWITZERLAND.
AND THE ISRAELI LEADER WARNED
ANY POTENTIAL DEAL RAISES TWO
GRAVE DANGERS.
>> THAT'S WHY THE FIRST MAJOR
CONCESSION IS A SOURCE OF GREAT
CONCERN.
IT LEAVES IRAN WITH A VAST
NUCLEAR INFRASTRUCTURE AND
RELIES ON INSPECTORS TO PREVENT
A AK
THAT CONCESSION CREATES A REAL
DANGER THAT IRAN COULD GET TO
THE BOMB BY VIOLATING THE DEAL.
BUT THE SECOND MAJOR CONCESSION
CREATES AN EVEN GREATER DANGER
THAT IRAN COULD GET TO THE BOMB
BY KEEPING THE DEAL.
BECAUSE VIRTUALLY ALL THE
RESTRICTIONS ON IRAN'S NUCLEAR
PROGRAM WILL AUTOMATICALLY
EXPIRE IN ABOUT DEC AADE.
THAT'S WHY THIS DEAL IS SO BAD.
IT DOESN'T BLOCK IRAN'S PATH TO
THE BOMB, IT PAVES IRAN'S PATH
TO THE BOMB.
>> Ifill: NETANYAHU'S SOLUTION:
DITCH THE TALKS AND TOUGHEN
SANCTIONS ON TEHRAN.
AT THE WHITE HOUSE, PRESIDENT
OBAMA ISSUED A NEARLY POINT-BY-
POINT REBUTTAL, AT AN OVAL
OFFICE MEETING WITH DEFENSE
SECRETARY ASHTON CARTER.
>> THE DEAL THAT WE ARE TRYING
TO NEGOTIATE, THAT IS NOT YET
COMPLETED, WOULD CUT OFF THE
DIFFERENT PATHWAYS FOR IRAN TO
ENHANCE ITS NUCLEAR
CAPABILITIES.
THE ALTERNATIVE THE PRIME
MINISTER OFFERS IS NO DEAL, IN
WHICH CASE IRAN WILL IMMEDIATELY
BEGIN ONCE AGAIN PURSUING ITS
NUCLEAR PROGRAM, ACCELERATE ITS
NUCLEAR PROGRAM WITHOUT IS
HAVING ANY INSIGHT INTO WHAT
THEY'RE DOING.
AND WITHOUT CONSTRAINT.
HIS ESSENTIAL ARGUMENT IS IF WE
JUST DOUBLE DOWN ON SANCTIONS
IRAN WON'T WANT TO DO THAT.
THE BOTTOM LINE IS THIS, WE
DON'T YET HAVE A DEAL.
IT MAY BE THAT IRAN CANNOT SAY
BUT IF WE'RE SUCCESSFUL IN
NEGOTIATING THEN IN FACT THIS
WILL BE THE BEST DEAL POSSIBLE
TO PREVENT IRAN FROM OBTAINING A
NUCLEAR WEAPON.
NOTHING ELSE COMES CLOSE.
>> Ifill: NEITHER THE PRESIDENT
NOR ANY OF HIS TOP AIDES MET
WITH NETANYAHU DURING HIS
WASHINGTON VISIT.
AND MORE THAN 50 DEMOCRATS
BOYCOTTED AN EVENT THEY SAID WAS
POLITICALLY-MOTIVATED.
HOUSE MINORITY LEADER NANCY
BLASTED NETANYAHU AFTERWARD IN A
STATEMENT:
>> "I WAS NEAR TEARS THROUGHOUT
THE PRIME MINISTER'S SPEECH,"
SHE WROTE, "SADDENED BY THE
INSULT TO THE INTELLIGENCE OF
THE UNITED STATES AND SADDENED
BY THE CONDESCENSION TOWARD OUR
KNOWLEDGE OF THE THREAT POSED BY
IRAN."
>> Ifill: SENATE MAJORITY LEADER
MITCH MCCONNELL, IN OFFERING
PRAISE FOR THE SPEECH, SPOKE FOR
MANY REPUBLICANS.
>> WE WERE ALL EXTRAORDINARILY
IMPRESSED WITH THE ADDRESS OF
THE PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL
TODAY TO THE JOINT SESSION OF
CONGRESS.
NO COUNTRY UNDERSTANDS BETTER
THE THREAT THAT A NUCLEAR-ARMED
IRAN PRESENTS THAN THE ISRAELIS.
WE APPRECIATE HIS COMING, WE
>> Ifill: THE SPEECH WAS ALSO
BROADCAST IN PRIMETIME IN
ISRAEL, JUST TWO WEEKS BEFORE
NATIONAL ELECTIONS.
>> Ifill: WE'LL RETURN WITH
REACTION TO THE SPEECH, AND THE
POTENTIAL DEAL WITH IRAN, AFTER
THE NEWS SUMMARY.
>> Woodruff: THE BATTLE OVER
FUNDING THE U.S. HOMELAND
SECURITY DEPARTMENT IS OVER.
THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
VOTED TODAY KEEP THE AGENCY
RUNNING FOR THE REST OF THE
FISCAL YEAR.
BUT MOST REPUBLICANS OPPOSED THE
BILL, AFTER FAILING TO ROLL BACK
THE PRESIDENT'S IMMIGRATION
INITIATIVES.
LATER IN THE PROGRAM, OUR
POLITICAL EDITOR TAKES A CLOSER
LOOK AT HOW IT PLAYED OUT.
>> Ifill: FORMER C.I.A. DIRECTOR
AND RETIRED GENERAL DAVID
PETRAEUS HAS AGREED TO PLEAD
GUILTY  TO MISHANDLING SECRETS.
IN A FEDERAL PLEA DEAL TODAY, HE
ADMITTED TO ILLEGALLY KEEPING
CLASSIFIED DOCUMENTS AND TO
ALLOWING PAULA BROADWELL, HIS
BIOGRAPHER AND MISTRESS, TO USE
THEM.
PETRAEUS RESIGNED AS C.I.A.
DIRECTOR IN 2012 AFTER THE
AFFAIR CAME TO LIGHT.
HE COULD FACE A YEAR IN PRISON
AND A FINE OF $100,000.
>> Woodruff: IN IRAQ, THOUSANDS
OF IRAQI TROOPS AND SHIITE
MILITIA, WITH HELP FROM IRAN,
BATTLED FOR A SECOND DAY TO
RETAKE TIKRIT FROM ISLAMIC STATE
FIGHTERS.
OFFICIALS SAID HUNDREDS OF
ROADSIDE BOMBS AND MINES SLOWED
THE OFFENSIVE.
BUT IN WASHINGTON, THE HEAD OF
U.S. CENTRAL COMMAND, ARMY
GENERAL LLOYD AUSTIN, SAID ISIS
HAS ALREADY BEEN BATTERED BY AN
AMERICAN-LED COALITION.
>> WE ARE HAVING SIGNIFICANT
EFFECTS ON THE ENEMY.
SINCE COMMENCING OUR AIR
OPERATIONS IN EARLY AUGUST, JUST
SEVEN MONTHS AGO, WE'VE KILLED
MORE THAN 8,500 ISIL FIGHTERS.
WE'VE DESTROYED HUNDREDS OF ITS
VEHICLES, ALONG WITH TANKS AND
HEAVY WEAPONS SYSTEMS.
>> Woodruff: U.S. MILITARY
OFFICIALS HAVE SAID TAKING
TIKRIT IS A STEP TOWARD
LAUNCHING AN IRAQI OFFENSIVE
AGAINST ISIS-CONTROLLED MOSUL IN
THE SPRING.
>> Ifill: AIDES TO HILLARY
CLINTON TODAY DEFENDED HER USE
OF A PERSONAL E-MAIL ACCOUNT AS
SECRETARY OF STATE.
IT WAS WIDELY REPORTED THE
DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL FRONT-
RUNNER MAY HAVE VIOLATED A
FEDERAL LAW THAT REQUIRES
GOVERNMENT COMMUNICATIONS BE
RETAINED.
BUT A SPOKESMAN SAID CLINTON E-
MAILED OTHER OFFICIALS ON THEIR
DEPARTMENT ACCOUNTS AND ASSUMED
THEY'D BE SAVED THAT WAY.
>> Woodruff: THOUSANDS OF
RUSSIANS PAID FINAL RESPECTS
TODAY TO BORIS NEMTSOV, A
LEADING OPPONENT OF PRESIDENT
VLADIMIR PUTIN.
AT THE SAME TIME, AIDES TO PUTIN
DENIED ANY INVOLVEMENT IN HIS
DEATH.
JONATHAN RUGMAN OF INDEPENDENT
TELEVISION NEWS, REPORTS.
>> Reporter: THE LINE THE PAY
RESPECTS FOR BORIS NEMTSOV
SNAKED THROUGH THE MOSCOW SNOW
FOR HOURS.
THE OPPOSITION LEADERS WAS
GUNNED DOWN JUST OUTSIDE THE
KREMLIN ON FRIDAY NIGHT.
KREMLIN OFFICIALS WERE
CONSPICUOUSLY ABSENT FROM
TODAY'S FUNERAL.
NEMTSOV IS THE PRESIDENT'S MOST
PROMINENT CRITIC TO HAVE BEEN
MURDERED IN 15 YEARS, AND IF HIS
DEATHAS W MEANT TO SILENCE THE
REST, WELL, TODAY AT LEAST, THEY
WERE IN THE AFRAID TO SAY SO.
>> HIS DEATH REPRESENTS THERE
ARE NO LIMITS FOR THOSE WHO WANT
TO DESTROY ANY OTHER OPINION IN
THE COUNTRY EXCEPT THE OPINION
OF THE KREMLIN.
THERE IS NO LIMITS WHATSOEVER.
>> Reporter: TODAY POLICE
DIVERS WERE SEARCHING THE MOSCOW
RIVER FOR EVIDENCE, BUT THERE
HAVE BEEN NO ARRESTS.
A DISTANT CCTV CAMERA CAUGHT THE
ALLEGED GUNMAN RUNNING TOWARD
HIS GETAWAY CAR ON FRIDAY NIGHT.
THESE PICTURES APPARENTLY SHOW
THE SAME CAR DRIVING THROUGH THE
CAPITAL, THOUGH NOT THE SUSPECTS
INSIDE IT.
THE KREMLIN'S GUARDS CLAIM THEIR
CAMERAS SAW NOTHING, THOUGH
THEIR SHEER NUMBERS MIGHT
SUGGEST OTHERWISE.
THE ONLY KNOWN WITNESS IS
NEMTSOV'S GIRLFRIEND, BUT THE
MODEL INSISTS SHE NEVER SAW THE
KILLER'S FACE, AND SHE'S NOW
FLOWN HOME TO UKRAINE AFTER
THREE DAYS OF QUESTIONING.
AND THE ROW OVER UKRAINE MADE
ITSELF FELT EVEN HERE.
TWO E.U. POLITICIANS FROM POLAND
AND LATVIA WERE BANNED FROM
ENTERING THE COUNTRY TO ATTEND
WHILE RUSSIA'S BEST-KNOWN
OPPOSITION LEADER WAS DENIED
RELEASE FROM JAIL.
>> Woodruff: THE KREMLIN HAS
CHARGED THE KILLING OF NEMTSOV
WAS A "PROVOCATION" TO WHIP UP
OPPOSITION TO PUTIN AND
DESTABILIZE RUSSIA.
>> Ifill: ONE OF SOUTH AMERICA'S
MOST ACTIVE VOLCANOES ERUPTED
TODAY IN SOUTHERN CHILE, FORCING
3,000 PEOPLE TO FLEE.
THE VILLARICA VOCANOL SITS ABOUT
400 MILES SOUTH OF SANTIAGO AND
REACHES 9,000 FEET INTO THE SKY.
EARLY THIS MORNING, IT SPEWED A
SEA OF ASH AND GLOWING LAVA HIGH
INTO THE AIR AND DOWN ITS
SLOPES.
THE HEAT CAUSED SNOW ON THE
SIDES OF THE VOLCANO TO BEGIN
MELTING, RAISING A RISK OF MAJOR
FLOODING.
>> Woodruff: BACK IN THIS
COUNTRY, MOST U.S. AUTO MAKERS
REPORTED SALES GAINS IN
FEBRUARY, DESPITE BAD WEATHER.
BUT THAT DIDN'T DO MUCH TO HELP
WALL STREET.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
LOST 85 POINTS TO CLOSE NEAR
18,200.
THE NASDAQ DROPPED 28 AND FELL
BACK BELOW 5,000.
AND THE S-AND-P 500 SLIPPED NINE
POINTS.
STILL TO COME ON THE NEWSHOUR.
FULL ANALYSIS OF PRIME MINISTER
NETANYAHU'S CONGRESSIONAL
SPEECH;
POLITICAL WINNERS AND LOSERS AS
CONGRESS VOTES TO FUND HOMELAND
SECURITY;
PATTERNS OF RACIAL BIAS IN THE
FERGUSON, MISSOURI POLICE
DEPARTMENT;
VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT ON
COLLEGE CAMPUSES TELL THEIR
STORIES IN A NEW DOCUMENTARY;
AND, THE PEACE CORPS' NEW
INITIATIVE TO INCREASE
OPPORTUNITIES FOR GIRLS AROUND
THE WORLD.
>> Ifill: NOW BACK TO PRIME
MINISTER'S NETANYAHU SPEECH TO
CONGRESS, THE THREAT OF IRAN,
AND WHAT, IF ANYTHING, MAKES A
GOOD NUCLEAR DEAL.
I'M JOINED BY TWO FOREIGN POLICY
VETERANS:
STEPHEN HADLEY WAS NATIONAL
SECURITY ADVISER FOR PRESIDENT
GEORGE W. BUSH.
HE'S NOW THE CHAIRMAN OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AT THE U.S.
INSTITUTE FOR PEACE.
AND VALI NASR IS A FORMER STATE
DEPARTMENT OFFICIAL AND CURRENT
DEAN OF THE JOHNS HOPKINS SCHOOL
OF ADVANCED INTERNATIONAL
STUDIES.
LET'S START WITH YOU, NASR, WHAT
WAS YOUR OPINION OF THE SPEECH?
>> I THINK CONTENT WAS NOT NEW,
BUT I THINK ONE CAN SAY THAT THE
WAY THE PRIME MINISTER LAID OUT
THE CASE, IT WILL MAKE IT MUCH
FOR DIFFICULT FOR THE UNITED
STATES GOVERNMENT AND IRAN TO
ARRIVE AT A DEAL BECAUSE I THINK
THE FIELD HAS BEEN SIGNIFICANTLY
NARROWED FOR THE PRESIDENT IN
PARTICULARTO
THIN THE DEFINITION OF A GOOD
DEAL WAS LARGELY DEFINED BY THE
PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL TODAY.
>> Ifill: STEPHEN HADLEY?
>> I THINK IT WAS A VERY
EFFECTIVE PRESENTATION.
PEOPLE SAID THE ARGUMENTS WERE
NOT PARTICULARLY NEW BUT A LOT
OF AMERICANS HAD NOT HEARD THEM
IN SUCH DETAIL.
I THINK IT WAS A FORCEFUL
PRESENTATION.
I THINK IT WILL HAVE THE IMPACT
THAT VALI SAID.
I THINK IN SOME SENSE IT MAKES
IT PROBABLY HARDER FOR BOTH IRAN
AND THE ADMINISTRATION TO MAKE
CONCESSIONS.
AND I THINK PROBABLY PRIME
MINISTER NETANYAHU HELPED
HIMSELF A LITTLE BIT IN THIS
UPCOMING ISRAELI ELECTION.
>> Ifill: SO IF WE THINK THAT
THIS SPEECH TODAY COULD HAVE PUT
A SPANNER IN THE WORKS OF THESE
NEGOTIATIONS UNDER WAY IN
SWITZERLAND RIGHT NOW, THE
PRESIDENT'S CRITICISM OF THEM
TODAY WAS THAT THERE IS NO
ALTERNATIVE PRESENTED.
IS THERE AN ALTERNATIVE TO THIS
NEGOTIATION?
>> THERE'S NO ALTERNATIVE TO THE
NEGOTIATION.
I THINK WHAT THE PRIME MINISTER
OF ISRAEL WAS SAYING IS THAT HE
DOESN'T AGREE WITH ANY
CONCESSIONS OR COMPROMISES.
YOU CAN'T HAVE NEGOTIATIONS WITH
THOSE.
I THINK WHAT HE ARGUED, HE SET
OUT NEGOTIATING WITH IRAN ON THE
TERMS OF THE DEAL, YOU HAVE TO
LEAN ON THEM HEAVILY THROUGH
SANCTIONS AND PERHAPS EVEN A
MILITARY OPTION UNTIL IRAN
EVENTUALLY SURRENDERS THE
PROGRAM.
THAT'S NOT LIKELY TO HAPPEN
BECAUSE I DON'T THINK THE
MILITARY OPTION TODAY IS VIABLE.
IT'S NOT A GIVEN WE CAN GO BACK
TO SANCTIONS.
I THINK THE PRESIDENT'S CASE IS
YOU HAVE TO GIVE DIPLOMACY A
CHANCE.
THE PRESIDENT OF ISRAEL SAID
THERE IS NO DIPLOMATIC OUTCOME
WITH IRAN.
YOU HAVE TO COME DOWN ON THE
SIDE THAT IT'S POSSIBLE TO HAVE
A DEAL LIKE THE PRESIDENT
BELIEVES OR YOU BELIEVE THE
PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL THAT
SAYS THERE'S NO DIPLOMACY WITH A
COUNTRY YOU CAN'T TRUST.
>> Ifill: I HEARD THE PRIME
MINISTER SAY TWO THINGS, THERE
SHOULD BE A BETTER DEAL, WHICH
IMPLIES THERE SHOULD BE MORE
DIPLOMACY, AND THAT THERE ISN'T
A MILITARY OPTION.
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
>> I HEARD THE BETTER DEAL.
I THINK HE BELIEVES THAT GREATER
SANCTIONS AND MORE TIME COULD
RESULT IN GREATER CONCESSIONS BY
THE IRANIANS.
IT'S DIFFICULT.
I THINK THE DILEMMA FOR THE
ADMINISTRATION, THEY WILL STILL
TRY TO SEE IF THEY CAN GET A
DEAL.
I THINK THEY KNOW TODAY THE KIND
OF DEAL THAT WILL WORK IN TERMS
OF THE REGION, IN TERMS OF OUR
ALLY ISRAEL AND IN TERMS OF
CONGRESS.
AND THE REAL QUESTION IS IF THEY
CANNOT GET THAT DEAL, WHETHER
THEY WILL DECIDE TO SAY THAT WE
CAN'T GET THERE AT THIS TIME AND
TALK ABOUT FURTHER EXTENSION AND
THE QUESTION IS WHETHER THE
IRANIANS WOULD ACCEPT AN
EXTENSION OF THE JOINT PROGRAM
OF ACTION THAT DOES CONSTRAIN
THAT PROGRAM TO ALLOW MORE TIME
FOR NEGOTIATION.
THEN THE FLIP SIDE IS MORE TIME
WITH NEGOTIATION, CAN YOU
ACTUALLY GET A BETTER DEAL?
>> Ifill: IT SEEMS VERY
CONFUSING.
WHAT WE KNOW OF WHAT'S ON THE
TABLE IS APPROVE NUCLEAR
ENRICHMENT AND IN A YEAR ALLOW
IT TO BE ENFORCED.
IS THAT SOMETHING WHICH...
THAT'S THE OUTLINE OF A DEAL
THAT I THINK THE PRIME MINISTER
SAID PAVES THE WAY TO A BOMB.
>> HE ULTIMATELY... THE PROBLEM
AS FAR AS ISRAEL SEES IT IS
THAT, A, THIS IS NOT A PERMANENT
DEAL, AND, B, IRAN RETAINS THE
RIGHT TO ENRICHMENT.
I DON'T THINK THE PROBLEM IS SO
MUCH A TECHNICAL AGREEMENT
BETWEEN IRAN AND THE U.S.
IT'S THAT BOTH SIDES HAVE TO BE
ABLE TO SELL THIS DEAL BACK AT
HOME.
FROM THE IRANIAN SIDE NOW, THEY
SEE THAT THE ADMINISTRATION CAN
COME TO A NEGOTIATION TABLE AND
NEGOTIATE, AND THEN YOU HAVE
THIS FORCE OUTSIDE IN THE FORM
OF THE PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL
WHICH AT ANY POINT IN TIME CAN
COME AND PUT PRESSURE ON THE
ADMINISTRATION AND NARROW ITS
ABILITY TO SELL THE DEAL AT
HOME.
THAT MAKES IT VERY DIFFICULT FOR
THEM TO NEGOTIATE.
AND I THINK THE IRANIANS CAN
COME UP WITH ANY SET OF EXCUSES
AS TO WHY THEY CAN'T AGREE TO
THIS.
BUT I THINK RIGHT NOW THEY'RE
REALLY WORRIED THAT THE
ADMINISTRATION WILL BE UNABLE TO
DELIVER A DEAL BECAUSE OF THE
CONGRESS.
>> Ifill: DO YOU AGREE WITH
STEVE HADLEY THAT NETANYAHU
HELPED HIMSELF POLITICALLY AT
HOME?
>> WELL, I THINK THE RECEPTION
HE GOT IN CONGRESS DEFINITELY
HELPED HIM.
I THINK WE HAVE TO SEE WHETHER
THE ISRAELI PUBLIC WILL SEE ANY
FURTHER FALLOUT FROM HIS VISIT
HERE.
BUT BARRING THAT, I THINK THEY
WOULD SEE THAT HE WAS ABLE TO
COME HERE, WAS RECEIVED WELL BY
CONGRESS, AND MADE HIS CASE, AND
NO DAMAGE IS DONE SO FAR.
>> Ifill: ELABORATE WHAT YOU
MEANT BY THAT.
>> WELL, I STILL THINK THAT
THERE IS AN OPPORNITYTU FOR A
DEAL HERE.
I THINK IT IS STILL THE CASE
THAT IN SOME SENSE THE
ALTERNATIVES FOR BOTH PARTIES
ATTRACTIVE.
I THINK IT WILL BE A CHALLENGE
FOR THE UNITED STATES TO KEEP
SANCTIONS IN PLACE, AND, OF
COURSE, WITHOUT A DEAL IRAN DOES
NOT GET POTENTIALLY RELAXATION
OF SANCTIONS.
SO I THINK THERE'S STILL A
REASONABLE CHANCE THAT WE WILL
GET AN AGREEMENT.
THE QUESTION IS: CAN THE
CONGRESS... WILL THE PRESIDENT
OF THE UNITED STATES BE ABLE TO
SELL IT TO THE CONGRESS.
>> Ifill: THERE'S MARCH
24th DEADLINE FOR THESE
NEGOTIATIONS CURRENTLY UNDER WAY
IN SWITZERLAND.
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES THEY CAN BE
ACHIEVED?
>> I THINK CHANCES ARE NARROW.
I THINK THERE IS A CHANCE THEY
AGREE TO SOME KIND OF A FORMULA
THAT WOULD EXTEND THE
NEGOTIATIONS AND GIVE GAINS TO
BOTH SIDES, BUT AGAIN, THE
DILEMMA IS THAT THE WAY IT'S
HAPPENING NOW IS THAT THE
IRANIANS, IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
PRESIDENT OBAMA IS THE ONLY
DECISION MAKER HERE.
>> Ifill: THEY'RE IN A BOX.
>> THEY'RE IN A BOX.
LET'S BE FAIR.
WE'VE HEARD THE CASE AGAINST THE
HYPOTHETICAL DEAL.
THE PRESIDENT SAYS THEY HAVEN'T
REACHED A DEAL.
I THINK WE SHOULD ALL KEEP OUR
POWDER DRY, SEE IF THERE IS A
DEAL, LET THE PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES AND THE SECRETARY
OF STATE MAKE THEIR CASE, AND
THEN THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL
HAVE TO DECIDE.
AND THE QUESTION WILL BE: THIS
IS NOT GOING TO BE THE DEAL THAT
MANY PEOPLE HAD HOPED FOR.
IT DOES NOT ROLL BACK THE
PROGRAM AS FAR AS PEOPLE WOULD
HAVE HOPED.
IT'S PROBABLY NOT AS LONG A
DURATION.
THE QUESTION THE AMERICAN PEOPLE
WILL HAVE TO DECIDE IS IF THIS
IS A DEAL, YOU KNOW, WHAT DO YOU
DO THEN?
THAT I THINK IS A SUBJECT ON
WHICH THERE OUGHT TO BE SOME
VIGOROUS DEBATE.
>> STEPHEN HADLEY OF THE
INSTITUTE OF PEACE AND VALI NASR
OF THE JOHNS HOPKINS SCHOOL OF
INTERNATIONAL STUDIES, THANK YOU
BOTH VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: AS WE MENTIONED
EARLIER, THE DRAMATIC FIGHT OVER
HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING HAS
ENDED, THREE DAYS BEFORE THE
MONEY WAS TO RUN OUT.
MANY HOUSE REPUBLICANS WANTED TO
USE THE AGENCY'S BUDGET TO TAKE
A STAND AGAINST PRESIDENT
OBAMA'S ACTIONS ON IMMIGRATION.
AS A RESULT, LAST WEEK THE
CHAMBER COULD NOT PASS A FUNDING
BILL.
OUR LISA DESJARDINS REPORTS ON
WHAT CHANGED TODAY.
>> Reporter: THE NUMBERS TELL
THIS UNUSUAL STORY.
SEE THOSE "YES" VOTES TO FUND
HOMELAND SECURITY WITH NO
STRINGS ATTACHED, THERE ON THE
LEFT, THOSE CAME MOSTLY FROM
DEMOCRATS.
ONLY A MINORITY OF REPUBLICANS,
LIKE IDAHO'S MIKE SIMPSON,
JOINED THOSE DEMOCRATS.
THOSE REPUBLICANS ARGUED THE
BATTLE OVER THE PRESIDENT'S
ACTIONS WHICH ALLOWED MORE
UNDOCUMENTED IMMIGRANTS TO STAY
IN THE COUNTRY, THAT BATTLE WILL
HAVE TO WAIT.
>> CONGRESS MUST CONTINUE THE
FIGHT, FIGHT THE PRESIDENT'S
ACTIONS ON IMMIGRATION THAT I DO
NOT SUPPORT AND THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE DO NOT SUPPORT.
WE MUST CONTINUE THIS FIGHT, BUT
WE MUST ALSO ALLOW FUNDING FOR
CRITICAL SECURITY FUNCTIONS TO
MOVE FORWARD.
>> Reporter: THAT'S THE SPLIT.
DOZENS OF OTHER G.O.P.
CONSERVATIVES, LIKE
RAUL LABRADOR, ALSO OF IDAHO,
INSISTED THE PRESIDENT'S ACTIONS
ARE SO EGREGIOUS, THAT
REPUBLICANS SHOULD USE ALL THEIR
LEVERAGE.
>> THIS FIGHT TODAY IS NOT ABOUT
IMMIGRATION.
THIS FIGHT TODAY IS ABOUT THE
SEPARATION OF POWERS.
ANY PERSON WHO VOTES FOR THIS
DEAL TODAY IS VOTING TO CEDE
SOME OF OUR POWER TO THE
EXECUTIVE.
>> Reporter: DEMOCRATS LIKE
SENATE MINORITY LEADER HARRY
REID HAILED THE OUTCOME, AND
BLASTED REPUBLICANS.
>> THIS CRISIS WAS COMPLETELY
UNNECESSARY.
IN THE FUTURE, I HOPE WE CAN
AVOID THOSE KINDS OF KNOCKDOWN
DRAG-OUT FIGHTS AND WORK
TOGETHER FOR THE GOOD OF THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE.
>> Woodruff: AND LISA JOINS ME
NOW.
AND LISA JOINS ME NOW.
WHAT A DAY AT THE CAPITOL.
>> WHAT A WEEKEND.
>> Woodruff: WHAT IS IT THAT
CAUSED SPEAKER BOEHNER TO CHANGE
HIS STRATEGY AND CALL FOR FULL
FUNDING THROUGH SEPTEMBER?
>> SPEAKER BOEHNER HAS BEEN VERY
QUIET THROUGH THIS WHOLE FIGHT,
EVEN GOING BACK A WEEK AGO ABOUT
HIS STRATEGY.
HE HASN'T SAID ANYTHING PUBLICLY
TODAY.
I THINK WHAT HAPPENED HERE JUDY
IS THIS: HE TRIED TO PASS AS
FUNDING BILL WITH THE
IMMIGRATION BILL ATTACHED AS HIS
CONSERVATIVES WANTED.
THAT DIDN'T WORK.
HE TOOK THAT APART.
HE DETACHED THE IMMIGRATION
ISSUE AND THEN FRIDAY NIGHT IN
THAT AMAZING VOTE, I KNOW YOU
TALKED TO MARK AND DAVID ABOUT,
THEY STILL COULD NOT PASS AS
BILL WITH JUST THE THREE-WEEK
EXTENSION.
MY SOURCES TELL ME THAT FRIDAY
NIGHT IT WAS CLEAR TO THE
SPEAKER AND THOSE AROUND HIM
THAT THE ONLY OPTION WAS THE
SENATE BILL.
IF THEY WANT TO KEEP HOMELAND
SECURITY FUNDED, THEY GOT THE
BILL IN THEIR HANDS TODAY AND
THEY VOTED ON IT.
ONE OTHER FACTOR I WANT TO BRING
UP IS THE POLITICAL FACTOR.
WE SAW SOMETHING VERY RARE TODAY
IN THAT A REPUBLICAN ACTION
GROUP CALLED THE AMERICAN ACTION
NETWORK POSTED THIS E-MAIL,
POSTED THIS SAYING THEY WERE
GOING TO SEND $400,000 IN ADS TO
SUPPORT HOMELAND SECURITY
FUNDING.
THIS CAME OUT THIS MORNING.
THOSE ADS WERE GOING TO BE RUN
AGAINST CONSERVATIVES, TV ADS,
RUSH LIMBAUGH, 50 CONGRESSIONAL
DISTRICTS.
JUDY, THEY WERE TARGETING THE
LEADERS OF THIS IMMIGRATION
ACTION, THE ONES WHO WERE
WILLING TO GO TO THE BRINK ON,
THIS AND HERE'S A REPUBLICAN
GROUP SAYING, NO, DON'T GO TO
THE BRINK, WE WILL FIGHT YOU AS
REPUBLICANS ON THIS.
>> Woodruff: HIGHLY UNUSUAL TO
SEE SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
SO WHAT DOES IT MEAN THAT YOU
HAD ALMOST TWO-THIRDS OF
REPUBLICANS VOTING AGAINST THEIR
OWN REPUBLICAN SPEAKER.
>> IT MEANS THESE ARE VERY
DIFFICULT TIMES FOR THE
REPUBLICAN CONFERENCE.
AS ONE CONGRESSMAN TOLD ME
TODAY, THEY HAVE MAJOR AND
DIFFICULT CONVERSATION AS A
CONFERENCE TO HAVE NOW.
THEY'VE BEEN HAVING THAT
CONFERENCE FOR A WHILE.
I THINK LOOKING MORE BIG
PICTURE, OUR VIEWERS ARE
PROBABLY LOOKING AT GOVERNANCE
AND WHAT HAPPENS NEXT IN
GENERAL.
I THINK THIS SHOWS FOR NOW THE
ONLY WAY THESE MUST-PASS FISCAL
SPENDING BILLS CAN PASS IS WITH
A COMBINATION OF DEMOCRATS AND
REPUBLICANS AND NOT NECESSARILY
A MAJORITY OF REPUBLICANS.
>> Woodruff: SO REPUBLICANS,
WE'VE BEEN TALKING ABOUT AN
HISTORICALLY HIGH NUMBER OF
REPUBLICANS, 242 REPUBLICANS, AS
MANY AS WE'VE HAD IN 80 YEARS,
BUT ARE WE NOW SEEING A NEW
ALIGNMENT AMONG THESE
REPUBLICANS?
>> RIGHT.
SINCE WE'RE ON TV, I'LL SAY ONE
CAUCUS WE CAN CALL THE NO-WAY
CAUCUS.
THEY'RE WILLING TO DRAW THE LINE
AND STAND THERE AND NOT MOVE.
THEY HELD UP THIS SPENDING BILL.
THEN THERE'S ANOTHER CAUCUS THAT
MAYBE I'LL CALL THE ANOTHER DAY
CAUCUS.
MAYBE OUR VIEWERS HAVE OTHER
SUGGESTION, BUT THIS IS THE
CAUCUS THAT SAYS, LET'S NOT
FIGHT THIS BATTLE NOW.
LET'S PASS A SPENDING BILL AND
GET TO OTHER ISSUES.
THEN THERE'S A GROUP IN THE
MIDDLE THAT'S NOT SURE WHAT TO
DO.
THEY FEEL STRONGLY.
THEY ARE TEMPTED TO SAY NO WAY.
THEY ALSO FEEL THERE'S A
PRAGMATIC CALL TO GOVERN, AND
IT'S THAT GROUP IN THE MIDDLE
WHICH BY MY CALCULATION IS ABOUT
HALF THE CAUCUS THAT WILL DECIDE
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
>> Woodruff: BUT THEY TODAY
ARE THE ONES THAT SIDED WITH THO
MEMBERS WHO WERE DRIVING THIS
ISSUE.
>> WELL, I THINK THE GETS TO MY
POINT.
THERE WERE 50 IN THE NO-WAY
CAUCUS FRIDAY.
THEN ABOUT 70 TODAY WHO SAID DO
THIS ANOTHER DAY.
PEOPLE GO BACK AND FORTH.
THOSE FOLKS WHO TODAY SIDED WITH
THE SPEAKER AND SAID LET'S FUND
DHS NOW INCLUDES A LOT OF
FRESHMAN UP AND COMERS, MARTHA
McSALLY, MIMI WALTERS.
PEOPLE STRONG ON SECURITY ISSUES
MAYBE HAVE SERIOUS SWING
DISTRICTS AND THEY'RE TAKING A
STAND AND SAYING, WE WANT TO
GOVERN AND GET PAST.
THIS.
>> Woodruff: IT WILL BE
INTERESTING TO SEE WHAT THIS
MEANS FOR THE SPEAKER GOING
FORWARD.
LISA DESJARDINS, THANK YOU.
>> MY PLEASURE.
>> Ifill: NOW TO A MUCH-AWAITED
REPORT FROM THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT.
AFTER A MONTHS-LONG
INVESTIGATION FOLLOWING THE
FATAL SHOOTING OF AFRICAN-
AMERICAN TEENAGER MICHAEL BROWN,
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE HAS
FOUND WHAT IT CALLS A PATTERN OF
RACIAL BIAS AND CIVIL RIGHTS
ABUSES BY FERGUSON MISSOURI
POLICE.
THE NEWSHOUR AND OTHER OUTLETS
OBTAINED A SUMMARY SHEET OF THE
FULL REPORT.
AMONG THE FINDINGS, AFRICAN
AMERICANS, WHO ARE ROUGHLY TWO-
THIRDS OF THE FERGUSON
POPULATION, MADE UP 92% OF
"PEACE DISTURBANCE" CHARGES.
AND, ONCE CHARGED WITH AN
OFFENSE, THEY WERE 68% LESS
LIKELY THAN OTHERS TO HAVE
CHARGES DISMISSED.
TO DISCUSS THE DISPARITIES,
WE'RE JOINED BY:
JUSTIN HANSFORD, A PROFESSOR AT
ST LOUIS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF
LAW.
AND PAUL BUTLER, A PROFESSOR AT
THE GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY LAW
CENTER.
PAUL BUTLER, IS THIS WHAT WE
MEAN WHEN WE TALK ABOUT RACIAL
PROFILING?
>> INDEED IT IS.
WHAT THE DEPARTMENT HAS FOUND IS
THAT THE FERGUSON POLICE TREAT
AFRICAN-AMERICANS DIFFERENTLY AT
EVERY LEVEL.
THEY'RE ARRESTED MORE.
THEY GET MORE TICKETS.
THEY EVEN ARE BITTEN BY DOGS
MORE.
ONE OF THE MOST REVEALING
STATISTICS IS THAT OF THE 15
TIMES FERGUSON POLICE DOGS HAVE
BITTEN PEOPLE, THEY'VE ALL BEEN
AFRICAN AMERICANS.
WHY ARE THEY DOING THIS?
WE KNOW NOW ARRESTS OF AFRICAN
AMERICANS BASICALLY CREATING
THIS SLUSH FUND.
SO THERE ARE ALL THESE COURT
FEES, PENALTIES, FINES.
20MTHESE SELECTIVE
ARRESTS OF AFRICAN AMERICANS,
MORE THAN ANY OTHER REVENUE
OTHER THAN SALES TAX.
>> Ifill: JUSTIN HANSFORD,
YOU'VE BEEN FOLLOWING THIS VERY
CLOSELY IN ST. LOUIS.
DO THESE FINDINGS SURPRISE YOU?
IS THIS SOMETHING YOU THINK THE
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT IS IN A
POSITION TO INTERVENE TO
PREVENT?
>> NO, RECEIVING THESE FINDINGS
IS SORT OF LIKE RECEIVING A
FINDING TELLING US THAT WATER IS
WET.
SO WE LIVE IN THIS COMMUNITY.
WE'VE EXPERIENCED ALL OF THESE
SITUATIONS FIRSTHAND.
I MYSELF HAVE BEEN DAUGHTER --
TARGETED FOR ARREST AND HAVE
BEEN SOMEONE WHO HAS BEEN A
VICTIM OF RACIAL PROFILING IN
FERGUSON, SO WE'RE NOT
SURPRISED.
I THINK THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
DECISION TO TAKE AN INITIATIVE,
TO TAKE THE INITIATIVE TO
INTERVENE IN THIS CASE IS REALLY
SYMBOLIC.
WHEN I WENT TO THE UNITED
NATIONS WITH MIKE BROWN'S
PARENTS, FERGUSON BECAME, IN THE
EYES OF THE WORLD, SHORT-HAND
FOR RACIAL INTOLERANCE IN THE
UNITED STATES ALL AROUND THE
WORLD.
AND THIS IS A SYMBOLIC MEASURE.
THERE ARE 18,000 POLICE
DEPARTMENTS AROUND THE COUNTRY,
AND THIS IS JUST ONE OF THEM.
AND SO A PIECEMEAL APPROACH IS
NOT GOING TO DO A GREAT DEAL TO
CHANGE REALITY FOR THE MAJORITY
OF AFRICAN AMERICANS IN THIS
COUNTRY OR EVEN IN THIS REGION.
WHERE THE FERGUSON POLICE
DEPARTMENT ONLY SERVES ABOUT
20,000 RESIDENTS.
SO I THINK WE'RE LOOKING AT THIS
AS NOT A SOLUTION, BUT AS A
SYMBOLIC GESTURE THAT DOES HELP
TO ESTABLISH THE NORM FOR OUR
RACIAL PROFILING AND PREDATORY
POLICING THAT TARGETS
COMMUNITIES IN ORDER TO PROFIT.
IT SHOULD NOT BE TOLERATED.
>> Ifill: PROFESSOR BUTLER,
MAKE THE CONNECTION.
EVEN IFLL
JOKES AND SENDING E-MAIL, AS
THIS REPORT FINDS, WHAT'S THE
CONNECTION BETWEEN THAT KIND OF
BEHAVIOR AND WHAT HE CALLS
PREDATORY POLICING?
WHAT'S THE CONNECTION?
>> THIS IS PART OF A PATTERN IN
FACTORS IS WHAT WHAT THE JUSTICE
DEPARTMENT FOUND.
THIS KIND OF LAWSUIT CAME OUT OF
THE RODNEY KING CASE WHEN THERE
WAS A CONCERN THAT POLICE
OFFICERS WERE NOT BEING HELD
ACCOUNTABLE FOR USING DEADLY
FORCE OR EXCESSIVE FORCE AGAINST
AFRICAN AMERICANS INCH A NUMBER
OF CITIES THAT HAVE BEEN SUBJECT
TO THESE KINDS OF CASE, THERE
HAVE BEEN REAL CHANGES THAT HAVE
BEEN MADE.
SO TYPICALLY WHAT HAPPENS IS
FERGUSON HAS TWO CHOICES NOW,
THEY CAN ENTER INTO SOME KIND OF
CONSENT, THAT IS SOME KIND OF
NEGOTIATED SETTLEMENT, OR THEY
CAN BE SUED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE.
>> HOW DO YOU DRAW THE LINE
BETWEEN THE BEHAVIOR AND ACTION.
>> THE REPORT SAYS THIS IS THE
BEHAVIOR.
HOW DO YOU THEN SAY THIS RESULTS
IN ABUSIVE POLICING?
>> YEAH, SO YOU LOOK AT THE
CULTURE OF THE POLICE.
YOU KNOW, A LOT OF PEOPLE DON'T
THINK THAT POLICE OFFICERS
ACTUALLY TREAT AFRICAN AMERICANS
DIFFERENTLY.
SO THIS IS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE
THAT THEY DO.
SO THEN THE QUESTION IS, WELL,
HOW DO YOU CHANGE THAT CULTURE.
WHAT HAPPENS WITH THESE CONSENT
DECREES IS THERE ARE POLICIES
PUT IN EFFECT ABOUT THINGS LIKE
WHEN TO USE DEADLY FORCE, ABOUT
HOW TO DEAL WITH MENTALLY ILL
PEOPLE, ABOUT A CIVILIAN
OVERSIGHT OF THESE POLICE
DEPARTMENTS.
THE CHANGE REALLY HAS TO COME
FROM THE CULTURE.
>> PROFESSOR, HOW DOES THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT GO ABOUT
CHANGING THESE THINGS.
IT'S ONE THING TO RELEASE A
REPORT THAT SAYS, VOILA, WE HAVE
FOUND EVIDENCE OF THIS KIND OF
TREATMENT, BUT HOW DO THEY GO
ABOUT STOPPING IT?
>> WELL, IN THE CASE OF
FERGUSON, I AM SURE THERE ARE
ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS QUESTION
W THE POLICE CHIEF TO DECIDE HOW
THEY'RE GOING TO MOVE FORWARD.
BUT I THINK THE LARGER QUESTION
IS, AS A SOCIETY, ARE WE GOING
TO BE ABLE TO RETHINK WHAT
POLICING MEANS FOR US GOING
FORWARD IN THE 21st CENTURY.
ARE WE GOING TO TAKE A PIECEMEAL
APPROACH OR ARE WE GOING TO PASS
SOMETHING LIKE A ENTERED OMNIBUS
BILL, A RACIAL PROFILING ACT,
BLACK LIVES MATTER ACT TO MAKE
POLICE RETHINK HOW THEY ADDRESS
THESE PROBLEMS.
SO THE OVERCRIMINALIZED, SMALL
ACTIONS AND COMMUNITIES UNDER
THE THEORY OF BROKEN WINDOWS
POLICING, THAT'S BEEN FAILURE.
>> Ifill: BUT LET ME INTERRUPT
YOU FOR A MOMENT, BECAUSE THESE
LAWS ALREADY EXIST IN FERGUSON.
THEY ALREADY EXIST IN MISSOURI.
HOW... THE QUESTION ISN'T
WHETHER THE LAW SHOULD BE
PASSED, THE QUESTION IS HOW DO
YOU ENFORCE THEM.
THAT'S THE PART I'M HAVING
TROUBLE WITH.
>> OH, SO I THINK THAT THE WAY
YOU ENFORCE LAWS AND THE WAY YOU
ENFORCE THE CHANGE IN WE HEAT
WAVER -- BEHAVIOR IS TO TIE IT
TO MONEY.
THAT'S SOMETHING WE HAVEN'T SEEN
AS OF YET.
FOR EXAMPLE, IN MISSOURI, WE
HAVE A RACIAL PROFILING ACT THAT
DOES TRACE THE DATA AND THE
RACIALLY DISPROPORTIONATE STOPS
OF PEOPLE IN THE COMMUNITY, BUT
WE DON'T HAVE ANY ENFORCEMENT
MECHANISM.
SO POLICE DEPARTMENTS LIKE
FERGUSON CAN SAY, YES, WE SEE
THE DATA.
WE'RE GOING TO CONTINUE DOING IT
BECAUSE IT'S OUR PREROGATIVE
UNLESS YOU START THE TIE IT TO
THEIR MONEY.
UNLESS YOU HAVE STATE GRANTS
WITHHELD OR FEDERAL GRANTS
WITHHELD.
THEN MONEY TALKS.
>> Ifill: LET ME ASK PROFESSOR
BUTLER THE SAME QUESTION.
>> WELL, SURE, YOU HOPE POLICE
ARE ACCOUNTABLE.
YOU MAKE SURE THERE ARE
SANCTIONS FOR WHEN THEY VIOLATE
THE LAW.
IF THE DEPARTMENT IS FOUND THEY
DO IN FERGUSON.
YOU ALSO CREATE DISINCENTIVES SO
THAT THE POLICE DON'T USE
ARRESTS OF AFRICAN AMERICANS AS
A SLUSH FUND TO FUND THE CITY.
SO THERE'S A BILL PENDING IN
MISSOURI THAT WOULD SAY NO MORE
THAN 20% OF OUR CITY'S INCOME
CAN COME FROM COURT CASES AND
FROM PENALTIES.
WE ALSO NEED EARLY WARNING
SYSTEMS.
MOST COPS WANT TO DO THE RIGHT
THING.
IT'S JUST A FEW BAD APPLES WHO
GIVE EVERYONE A BAD NAME.
ONE THING CIVILIAN OVERSIGHT
COULD DO IS DEVELOP PRACTICES TO
IDENTIFY THE BAD APPLES EARLY
ON.
THAT MAKES A DIFFERENCE.
>> PROFESSOR PAUL BUTLER OF
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY LAW CENTER
AND PROFESSOR JUSTIN HANSFORD OF
THE ST. LOUIS UNIVERSITY SCHOOL
OF LAW.
THANK YOU BOTH.
>> GREAT TO BE HERE.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: NEXT TONIGHT, A NEW
DOCUMENTARY FILM ABOUT RAPE ON
COLLEGE CAMPUSES OPENS IN
THEATERS THIS WEEKEND.
JEFFREY BROWN HAS OUR LOOK.
>> THE FIRST FEW WEEKS I MADE
SOME OF MY BEST FRIENDS.
BUT THEN TWO OF US WERE SEXUALLY
ASSAULTED, EVEN BEFORE CLASSES
STARTED.
>> I WENT TO THE DEAN OF
STUDENTS OFFICE AND SHE SAID I
JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE YOU DON'T
TALK TO ANYONE ABOUT THIS.
>> THEY PROTECT PERPETRATORS
BECAUSE THEY HAVE A FINANCIAL
INCENTIVE TO DO SO.
>> Brown: THE FILM IS CALLED
"THE HUNTING GROUND" AND IT'S A
DISTURBING LOOK AT WHAT IT
PRESENTS AS AN EPIDEMIC OF
SEXUAL ASSAULTS AT COLLEGES
AROUND THE COUNTRY, FM THROE IVY
LEAGUES TO LARGE STATE
UNIVERSITIES.
FROM FRATERNITIES TO ATHLETICS,
A WIDE SWATH OF CAMPUS CULTURE
COMES UNDER SCRUTINY.
AS PRODUCER AMY ERINZIG AND
DIRECTOR KIRBY DICK INTERVIEWED
VICTIMS AT DOZENS OF SCHOOLS
OVER THE PAST YEAR AND A HALF.
TWO YEARS AGO THEY PRODUCED "THE
INVISIBLE WAR," ABOUT RAPE IN
THE U.S. ARMED FORCES.
>> SIXTEEN THOUSAND, ONE HUNDRED
FIFTY SERVICE MEMBERS WERE
ASSAULTED IN 2009.
ABOUT A HALF MILLION WOMEN HAVE
NOW BEEN ASSAULTED IN THE U.S.
MILITARY.
>> Brown: THAT FILM, NOMINATED
FOR AN ACADEMY AWARD FOR BEST
DOCUMENTARY, EVENTUALLY LED TO
CHANGES IN THE WAY THE U.S.
MILITARY HANDLED SEXUAL ASSAULT
SES.CA
I SPOKE TO KIRBY DICK AND AMY
ZIERING AT THIS YEAR'S SUNDANCE
FILM FESTIVAL.
>> THERE'S BEEN QUITE A FEW
STUDIES THAT SHOW THAT THE RATE
OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IS BETWEEN 16%
AND 20% OF UNDERGRADUATE WOMEN
ARE SEXUALLY ASSAULTED IN
COLLEGE.
SO THIS HAS BEEN A PROBLEM THAT
THE UNIVERSITIES AND COLLEGES
HAVEN'T ADDRESSED AND THIS IS
ONE OF THE REASONS WE FELT WE
HAD TO MAKE THIS FILM.
>> Brown: DO YOU CONCLUDE THAT
IT IS MORE PREVALENT NOW OR THAT
WE KNOW ABOUT IT MORE?
>> BOTH.
IT'S TRUE THAT OVER THE LAST
YEAR OR SO THIS HAS BECOME A
TOPIC THAT IS MUCH MORE COVERED.
AND I THINK ONE OF THE REASONS
FOR THAT IS A COUPLE OF THE
WOMEN THAT WE COVERED IN THE
FILM WHO WERE ASSAULTED AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA AT
CHAPEL HILL THEN BECAME
ACTIVISTS AND STARTED A
MOVEMENT.
THAT HAS BROUGHT THIS WHOLE
ISSUE TO ATTENTION.
>> Brown: AMY, YOU MANAGED TO
TALK TO A REMARKABLE NUMBER OF
WOMEN.
HOW HARD WAS IT TO LOCATE THEM?
>> BECAUSE OF THE FREQUENCY THAT
THESE CRIMES ARE COMMITTED ON
OUR CAMPUSES, IT ACTUALLY WASN'T
HARD TO FIND PEOPLE.
BUT IT WAS HARD TO FIND PEOPLE
WHO WERE WILLING TO COME FORWARD
AND SPEAK PUBLICLY ON CAMERA
ABOUT IT BECAUSE AS WE KNOW,
IT'S A VERY HARD THING TO TALK
ABOUT, "A".
AND "B", WHEN YOU DO TALK ABOUT
IT, THERE'S A LOT OF RETRIBUTION
AND BLOW BACK.
SO IT'S SCARY AND TAKES A LOT OF
COURAGE TO COME PUBLIC AND TALK
ABOUT IT.
>> Brown: AND AS FILMMAKERS
MAKING A CASE, YOU HAVE TO BUILD
A CASE-BY-CASE SCRIPT.
IS THAT RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
WE HAD CAMERAS ON OVER A DOZEN
CAMPUSES TRACING VARIOUS
STORIES--
>> Brown: OVER THE SAME TIME.
>> YEAH, YEAH, YEAH--
>> Brown: OVER WHAT PERIOD OF
TIME?
>> WELL WE STARTED SHOOTING IN
APRIL 2013 AND WE ACTUALLY
FINISHED SHOOTING DECEMBER OF
2014.
WHAT WE WANTED TO SHOW BY
FOLLOWING ALL THESE PEOPLE, I
MEAN WE INTERVIEWED WELL OVER 60
PEOPLE, IS THAT THIS ISN'T JUST
A PROBLEM WHERE IT'S ONE, TWO,
OR FOUR PEOPLE.
THIS IS A PROBLEM ACROSS ALL
CAMPUSES.
>> Brown: ACCORDING TO THE
FILMMAKERS, FEWER THAN 40% OF
ALL CASES ARE EVER REPORTED,
AND VERY FEW EVER LEAD TO
PUNISHMENT.
>> IN YOUR TIME AT UNC, HOW MANY
STUDENTS CAME TO YOU AND SAID
THEY HAD BEEN ASSAULTED?
>> IT'S HARD TO PUT A NUMBER ON
IT.
AT LEAST 100.
>> AND OF THE 100, HOW MANY WERE
REMOVED FROM CAMPUS?
>> FROM WHAT I REMEMBER, NO ONE
WAS EXPELLED DURING THAT TIME.
>> SO THESE GUYS COULD JUST GET
AWAY WITH IT?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> Brown: WELL, IN FACT, THE
WORD "COMPLICITY" IS USED WHEN
IT COMES TO COLLEGE OFFICIALS
COVERING UP OR IGNORING CASES.
THAT'S A STRONG WORD.
>> LET'S FACE IT.
IF THEY'RE HAPPENING AT THIS
RATE OVER DECADES AND DECADES,
UNIVERSITY OFFICIALS HAVE TO
NOTICE.
I MEAN THERE'S NO WAY THAT THEY
DON'T.
ADMINISTRATORS KNOW, AND THE
REASON THEY HAVEN'T TAKEN ACTION
IS BECAUSE THEY DON'T WANT
ANYTHING TO HARM THE REPUTATION
OF THEIR UNIVERSITY.
IT WILL AFFECT THEIR ADMISSIONS,
THEIR DONATIONS.
AND SO UNIVERSITY OFFICIALS
ACROSS ALL CAMPUSES OFTEN MAKE
THE DECISION TO KEEP THIS
COVERED UP AND NOT BE
TRANSPARENT ABOUT ASSAULTS THAT
ARE HAPPENING OR THE PROCESSES
TO INVESTIGATE AND ADJUDICATE
THOSE ASSAULTS.
>> Brown: YOU DO SAY IN THE FILM
THAT THE CASES OF FALSE REPORTS
ARE RARER THAN IS USUALLY
THOUGHT.
BUT THEY DO HAPPEN.
WE JUST SAW WHAT HAPPENED AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA WITH A
BADLY REPORTED STORY.
HOW COULD YOU BE CERTAIN THAT
YOU HAD BUILT AN AIRTIGHT CASE?
>> WE WERE RESEARCHING THESE
CASES, IN MANY CASES, WELL OVER
A YEAR.
AND WE HAVE HUNDREDS AND
HUNDREDS OF PAGES OF ACTUAL
DOCUMENTATION.
WE HAVE ALL KINDS OF EVIDENCE.
THE STATISTICS AROUND FALSE
REPORTING ARE SOMEWHERE BETWEEN
2% AND 8% SEXUAL ASSAULTS ARE
FALSE.
WHICH MEANS 92% TO 98% OF THOSE
REPORTS ARE NOT FALSE.
AND I THINK THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT REALLY SURPRISES PEOPLE.
THEY DON'T REALIZE HOW RARE IT
IS.
>> Brown: THE FILM ENDS WITH
WHAT LOOKS LIKE A REAL CALL TO
ACTION.
IS THAT HOW YOU SEE YOUR ROLE AS
FILMMAKERS?
>> WE'VE PRESENTED A PORTRAIT
FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE OF WHAT
IS GOING ON ON OUR CAMPUSES AND
THEN WE ARE OFFERING UP WAYS IN
WHICH MAYBE THESE THINGS, MAYBE
WHAT'S GOING ON CAN BE
RECTIFIED.
>> Brown: BUT YOU'RE DOING MORE
THAN THAT.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY AT THE END
SAYING DO THIS, DO THAT.
>> WELL THERE'S REASON FOR THAT.
WHEN AUDIENCES SEE OUR FILM, I
MEAN NO ONE CAN COME OUT OF THAT
FILM AND NOT BE MOVED.
AND IN MANY WAYS NOT OUTRAGED.
AND WHAT'S WONDERFUL IS THAT
THEY WANT TO DO SOMETHING TO
HELP CHANGE THIS PROBLEM.
AND SO I THINK IT'S INCUMBENT ON
US TO GIVE THEM SOME DIRECTIONS
TO GO, SOME THINGS TO DO.
I MEAN, WHAT WE SAY IN OUR FILM
IS "LOOK, YOU KNOW MANY OF US
HAVE A SCHOOL WE LOVE, THAT WE
WENT TO, THAT WE'RE GOING TO
NOW.
YOU KNOW IT'S GOING TO HELP
THOSE SCHOOLS CHANGE.
IT'S GOING TO TAKE ALL THE
PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY TO
CONTRIBUTE.
AND SO THAT'S WHAT WE'RE REALLY
DOING.
WE'RE GIVING THEM DIRECTION ON
HOW TO CHANGE THIS PROBLEM.
>> Brown: HAVE YOU HAD ANY
RESPONSE YET FROM INDIVIDUAL
SCHOOLS OR FROM THE UNIVERSITY
SYSTEM AS A WHOLE?
>> NO.
BUT WE ARE OPTIMISTIC.
WHEN WE MADE "THE INVISIBLE WAR"
ABOUT SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE
MILITARY, THE MILITARY WAS VERY
RESPONSIVE.
THEY IMMEDIATELY CHANGED SOME
POLICIES.
WE EXPECT THE SAME THING WILL
HAPPEN WITH THIS FILM.
THAT SCHOOLS WILL SEE THIS AND
WE HOPE THEY WILL SEE IT AS AN
OPPORTUNITY TO GET THIS KIND OF
INFORMATION OUT MORE WIDELY AND
IT WILL HELP THEM ADDRESS THE
PROBLEM.
>> Brown: KIRBY DICK, AMY
ZIERING, THANKS SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: THERE HAS BEEN SOME
PUSHBACK AGAINST THE FILM.
TODAY, FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY,
ONE OF THE COLLEGES MENTIONED IN
THE DOCUMENTARY, SAID THEY HAD
NOT BEEN GIVEN A FAIR CHANCE TO
RESPOND BEFORE THE DOCUMENTARY
WAS RELEASED.
>> Ifill: WE'LL BE BACK WITH A
CONVERSATION ON EDUCATING GIRLS
WITH THE DIRECTOR OF THE PEACE
CORPS.
BUT FIRST, IT'S PLEDGE WEEK ON
P.B.S.
THIS BREAK ALLOWS YOUR PUBLIC
TELEVISION STATION TO ASK RFO
>> Woodruff: NOW A LOOK AT A NEW
INITIATIVE ANNOUNCED TODAY AT
THE WHITE HOUSE, TO INCREASE THE
EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR
GIRLS AROUND THE WORLD.
JEFFREY BROWN IS BACK WITH THAT.
>> Brown: 62 MILLION: THAT'S THE
NUMBER OF GIRLS AROUND THE WORLD
WHO DO NOT ATTEND SCHOOL,
ACCORDING TO PRESIDENT AND MRS.
OBAMA WHO TODAY ANNOUNCED A NEW
U.S. GOVERNMENT EFFORT TO HELP.
IT BUILDS ON A PROGRAM CALLED
"LET GIRLS LEARN".
AND INCREASES THE TRAINING
RECEIVED BY PEACE CORPS
VOLUNTEERS AND SUPPORTS LOCAL
INITIATIVES AIMED AT EDUCATING
GIRLS, BEGINNING FIRST IN 11
COUNTRIES, MOSTLY IN AFRICA AND
ASIA AND EVENTUALLY PHASED IN
GLOBALLY.
PEACE CORPS DIRECTOR CARRIE
HESSLER-RADELET JOINS US NOW.
WELCOME TO YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Brown: ARE THE BIGGEST
BARRIERS HERE PHYSICAL OR
CULTURAL?
>> THERE ARE MANY DIFFERENT
KINDS OF BARRIERS.
IT COULD BE PHYSICAL.
IT MIGHT BE THAT THERE IS NOT A
SCHOOL FOR TEN OR 15 MILES.
IT MAY BE UNSAFE FOR A GIRL TO
WALK TO AND FRO.
IT MAY BE CULTURAL.
PERHAPS A GIRL'S EDUCATION IS
NOT VALUED BECAUSE THE FAMILY
DOES NOT SEEN AN ECONOMIC
RETURN.
IT COULD BE THAT GIRLS ARE GREG
MARRIED TOO EARLY AND ONCE
THEY'RE MARRIED IT'S NOT
CONSIDERED PROPER TO ATTEND
SCHOOL OR IT COULD BE ECONOMIC.
THEY CAN'T AFFORD SCHOOL FEES OR
BOOKS OR UNIFORMS.
>> SO WHEN YOU HAVE SUCH A WIDE
RANGE OF ISSUES, WHAT
SPECIFICALLY DO YOU WANT TO
TACKLE?
>> WELL, ONE OF THE REASONS
WE'RE SO EXCITED ABOUT PRESIDENT
AND MRS. OBAMA'S COMMITMENT TO
GIRLS' EDUCATION AND
SPECIFICALLY THE PARTNERSHIP
WITH PEACE CORPS IS WE'VE
LEARNED THE BEST SOLUTIONS TO
GIRLS' EDUCATION ARE REALLY
COMMUNITY BASED AND THAT'S WHERE
PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS COME IN.
WE ARE LOOKING AT THE VERY LAST
MILE OF DEVELOPMENT, LIVING AND
WORKING IN COMMUNITIES.
WE KNOW THESE GIRLS FAMILIES.
WE KNOW THE LOCAL LEADERS AND SO
WE CAN BE IN A POWERFUL POSITION
TO ADVOCATE AND SUPPORT GIRLS'
EDUCATION.
>> WELL, SO THE INITIATIVE TALKS
ABOUT RETRAINING PEACE CORPS
VOLUNTEERS, RETRAINING FOR WHAT?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> WE'RE TRAINING VOLUNTEERS SO
THAT THEY IN TURN CAN TRAIN
LOCAL LEADERS TO BECOME
CHAMPIONS FOR GIRLS EDUCATION.
AND LET ME JUST TELL YOU WHAT
THAT MEANS.
FOR EXAMPLE, PEACE CORPS
VOLUNTEERS CAN SIT DOWN WITH A
SCHOOL PRINCIPAL AND
ADMINISTRATORS AND TALK ABOUT
WHY IT'S IMPORTANT FOR GIRLS WHO
ARE MARRIED OR PREGNANT TO
CONTINUE ON IN SCHOOL.
OR THEY CAN SIT DOWN WITH
RELIGIOUS LEADERS OR LOCAL
LEADERS AND TALK ABOUT WHY IT'S
SO IMPORTANT TO DELAY MARRIAGE
UNTIL AFTER GRADUATION.
OR THEY CAN SIT DOWN WITH FAMILY
AND ASK THEM ABOUT OR TELL THEM
ABOUT WHY IT'S SO IMPORTANT FOR
GIRLS TO BE EDUCATEs BECAUSE
IT DOES REPRESENT A STRONG
RETURN ON INVESTMENT, AND THEN
THEY CAN TALK TO THE GIRLS
THEMSELVES AND FIND OUT THE REAL
BARRIERS THAT THEY FACE IN THEIR
LIVES.
>> DOES THIS INVOLVE NEW
RESOURCES?
IS THERE NEW MONEY COMING IN DO
YOU ENVISION, FOR EXAMPLE,
BUILDING SCHOOLS?
>> WE WILL NOT BUILD SCHOOLS,
BUT WE MAY WORK IN SCHOOLS THAT
OTHERS BUILD, BUT WHAT THIS IS
ACTUALLY DOING FOR SUSS WE'RE
MOBILIZING ALL OF OUR VOLUNTEERS
AROUND THE WORLD, STARTING FIRST
IN 11 COUNTRIES.
BUT WE'RE GOING TO BE TRAINING
OUR VOLUNTEERS TO BE POWERFUL
ADVOCATES FOR GIRLS' EDUCATION
AND REALLY WORKING WITH THEIR
COMMUNITIES TO IDENTIFY LOCAL
SOLUTIONS.
PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS ARE
ALREADY CATALYST FOR ACTIONS AT
THE COMMUNITY LEVEL.
THEY WILL FOCUS ALL THEIR ENERGY
ON GIRLS' EDUCATION AND
EMPOWERING GIRLS.
>> IS THERE A MODEL OR EXAMPLE
THAT YOU POINT TO IF YOU WANT TO
SAY HERE'S WHAT WE WANT TO DO,
HERE'S WHAT I WANT TO MULTIPLY
OVER THE COMING YEARS.
>> I'D LOVE TO ILLUSTRATE IT
WITH A STORY.
THIS IS THE STORY OF CHARLENE
AND KRISTEN.
CHARLENE WAS THE YOUNG WOMAN WHO
INTRODUCED THE PRESIDENT TODAY.
>> AT THE CEREMONY TODAY?
>> EXACTLY.
CHARLENE AND KRISTEN WERE
TEACHERS IN LIBERIA.
AND THE FIRST DAY THEY WALKED
INTO THE SCHOOL, THEY IDENTIFIED
TWO THINGS.
FIRST OF ALL, THAT THE BOYS
OUTNUMBERED THE GIRL 2-S-1.
SO THAT MEANT THAT HALF OF THOSE
GIRLS, FEMALE PEERS, WERE NOT AT
SCHOOL.
AND THE SECOND THING THEY
NOTICED IS THAT GIRLS WERE
REALLY NOT THRIVING IN THE
CLASSROOM.
THEY WERE SHY.
THEY WERE INTIMIDATED.
THEY WERE NOT PARTICIPATING SOME
KRISTEN AND CHARLENE, ALONG WITH
THE LIBERIAN TEACHER, STARTED AN
AFTER-SCHOOL PROGRAM THAT BECAME
JUST A POWERFUL PLACE, A SAFE
PLACE FOR GIRLS TO TALK ABOUT
THE DIFFICULTIES THEY FACED IN
THEIR LIVES, THE BARRIERS TO
LEARNING.
THEY GAINED NEW CONFIDENCE, THEY
GAINED NEW STUDY SKILLS, THEY
SAW THEMSELVES AS LEADERS.
THEY BEGAN TO IMAGINE A BRIGHTER
FUTURE FOR THEMSELVES.
THEY ARE POWERFUL GIRLS NOW WHO
ARE VERY, VERY MOTIVATED TO MAKE
A DIFFERENCE IN THEIR COMMUNITY.
>> IS THIS NOT, THOUGH,
ULTIMATELY UP TO THE GOVERNMENT,
THE OTHER GOVERNMENTS?
I MEAN, ONE WONDERS HOW MUCH
COULD THE U.S. PUSH TO MAKE THIS
KIND OF CHANGE FROM THE OUTSIDE,
BECAUSE WE'VE ALSO SEEN A LOT OF
BACKLASH WHEN THE WEST AND THE
U.S. TRIES TO EMPHASIZE...
>> MOST OF OUR PARTNER
GOVERNMENTS ARE VERY SUPPORTIVE
OF GIRL'S EDUCATION.
LIBERIA IS A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF
THAT.
PRESIDENT IS A POWERFUL ADVOCATE
FOR GIRLS' EDUCATION.
>>
>> Brown: BUT DO YOU SEE
PUSHBACK, AS WELL?
>> IN SOMEPLACE, NOT IN THE
PLACES WHERE PEACE CORPS WORKS,
BECAUSE WE WORK IN PLACES WHERE
OUR VOLUNTEERS CAN BE SAFE.
SO MOST OF THE PLACES WHERE WE
WORK HAVE A MORE PROGRESSIVE
ATTITUDE TOWARD GIRLS'
EDUCATION.
IT'S A QUESTION OF GETTING DOWN
INTO THE COMMUNITY.
>> Brown: ALREADY, CARRIE
HESSLER-RADELET OF THE PEACE
CORPS, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Ifill: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY:
ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU
TOLD CONGRESS THAT A POTENTIAL
NUCLEAR WEAPONS DEAL WITH IRAN
COULD END IN A NUCLEAR
NIGHTMARE.
AT THE WHITE HOUSE, PRESIDENT
OBAMA SHOT BACK THAT NETANYAHU
HAD NOTHING NEW TO SAY, AND NO
VIABLE ALTERNATIVES TO OFFER.
AND THE U.S. HOUSE APPROVED A
FULL FUNDING BILL FOR THE
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY,
AFTER REPUBLICANS GAVE UP, FOR
NOW, ON ROLLING BACK THE
PRESIDENT'S IMMIGRATION
INITIATIVES.
>> Woodruff: ON THE NEWSHOUR
ONLINE, A CALIFORNIA ARTIST USES
EVERYTHING FROM DRAWING AND
DESIGN TO GARDENING TO PROVOKE
DISCUSSION AT HER INSTALLATIONS.
SEE WHAT THAT LOOKS LIKE, WE
HAVE A VIDEO ON OUR HOMEPAGE.
THAT'S ON OUR WEB SITE,
pbs.org/newshour.
>> Ifill: AND THAT'S THE
NEWSHOUR FOR TONIGHT.
TOMORROW, WE'LL EXAMINE THE
DIFFICULTY SOME WOMEN VETERANS
HAVE RETURNING TO CIVILIAN LIFE.
I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WOODRUFF, WE'LL SEE YOU ON-LINE
AND AGAIN HERE TOMORROW EVENING.
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT THE PBS
NEWSHOUR, THANK YOU AND GOOD
NIGHT.